doc : Add steps to remove CRC pull secret from OS provided tools (#2572) (#15)
crc-org/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/using.adoc

* xref:installing.adoc#minimum-system-requirements[Minimum system requirements].
* xref:configuring.adoc#changing-the-selected-preset[Changing the selected preset].

[id='about-pullsecrets']
== About Pull Secrets

> While starting cluster configured with {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} would request you to provide a pull secret. It's required to pull some {ocp} specific container images.

Reviewer: It's required to pull container images from Red Hat container registries.

> While starting cluster configured with {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} would request you to provide a pull secret. It's required to pull some {ocp} specific container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While starting cluster configured with {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} would request you to provide a pull secret. It's required to pull container images from Red Hat container registries.
```

Reviewer 2: The sentence itself is confusing (too long?) as the "While"-statement is not correctly used here as a conjunction.

$ crc start # Start the cluster
----

[id='about-pullsecrets']
== About Pull Secrets

> When using the {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} requires pull secret:

Reviewer 2: 'a pull secret'

If you manually want to remove or update the pull secret from your Operating System's credential manager configuration.

[id='clearning-credential-manager-pullsecret']
=== Clearing Pull Secret from Credential Manager
Steps to clear entries from the Credential Manager on different operating systems.

==== Windows

. Open the Control Panel.
. Go to `User Accounts` > `Credential Manager`.
. Choose `Windows Credentials`.
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Click on the entry to expand it.
. Click `Remove` to delete the credential.

==== Linux

If you're using https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring[GNOME Keyring]:

. Open the `Activities` overview and start typing `Passwords`.
. Click on `Passwords and Keys` to open https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring[GNOME Keyring].
. Click on `Login` entry under `Passwords`
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Right-click the entry you want to delete.
. Select `Delete` and confirm the deletion.

If you're using https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet]:

[NOTE]
====

> By default, https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet] doesn't operate as a Secret Service Provider. We need to explicitly

Reviewer 2: `This needs to be explicitly`

passive voice, avoid the 'we' or 'you'.

Reviewer 2: > Then you should

After this {prod} should be able to use ...

enable it by going to `System Settings` > `KDE Wallet` and enable Use KWallet for the Secret Service interface. Then {prod} can be used
with https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet]
====

> . Open the `Application Launcher`  and start typing `KWalletManager`.

Reviewer 2: 'and type'

$ crc start # Start the cluster
----

[id='about-pullsecrets']
== About Pull Secrets

> While starting cluster configured with {openshift} or {ushift} preset {prod} would request you to provide a pull secret, it's required to pull some {ocp} specific container images.

Reviewer 3: Consider rewriting this sentence for clarity. If I understand well:

```suggestion
When using the {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} requires your pull secret:

* To pull the virtual machine bundle.
* To pull {ocp} container images from the Red Hat registry.

When you run `crc start` the first time, when the pull secret has not been provisioned, {prod} prompts you to provide your pull secret.

```

You need to download it from the Pull Secret section of the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[{prod} page on the {rh} Hybrid Cloud Console].

Once you provide this pull secret, it gets stored in Operating System's credential manager so that {prod} doesn't ask for pull secret again in case you delete existing cluster and create
a new one.

> 

Reviewer 3: Is this command to find the pull secret location OS agnostic?

```
crc config get pull-secret-file
```

Reviewer 3: (In case CRC has stopped to use this config file: what happens if you have already provisioned this file?)

Author: Currently, pull secret can be provided to CRC via these options (in decreasing order of precedence) :
1. Pull Secret from Path `--pull-secret-file`
2. Pull Secret from config `pull-secret-file`
3. Pull Secret from OS Credential Manager

Pull Secret is stored in OS Credential manager only when CRC is not able to resolve it from source 1 and 2. Whenever user enters pull secret via prompt it's stored in the operating system's keyring.

> (In case CRC has stopped to use this config file: what happens if you have already provisioned this file?)

Sorry, I don't understand your question completely. What do you mean by provisioning the file?

Reviewer 3: My question, indeed, makes no more sense with the information you provided. I missed the information that crc has multiple possible sources for the pull secret, with order of precedence (and continue to have them). It might be good to add this info to the docs. (See other comments)

Please note that this pull secret would only be removed from the Operating System's credential manager when user runs [command]`{bin} cleanup` command.

> If you manually want to remove/update pull secret from your Operating System's credential manager configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you manually want to remove or update the pull secret from your Operating System's credential manager configuration.
```

[id='clearning-credential-manager-pullsecret']
=== Clearing Pull Secret from Credential Manager
Steps to clear entries from the Credential Manager on different operating systems.

==== Windows

> 1. Open the Control Panel.
> 2. Go to `User Accounts` > `Credential Manager`.
> 3. Choose `Windows Credentials`.
> 4. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
> 5. Click on the entry to expand it.
> 6. Click `Remove` to delete the credential.

Reviewer 3: Asciidoc syntax for ordered lists. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/#lists

```suggestion
. Open the Control Panel.
. Go to `User Accounts` > `Credential Manager`.
. Choose `Windows Credentials`.
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Click on the entry to expand it.
. Click `Remove` to delete the credential.
```

==== Linux

If you're using https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring[GNOME Keyring]:

> 1. Open the `Activities` overview and start typing `Passwords`.
> 2. Click on `Passwords and Keys` to open https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring[GNOME Keyring].
> 3. Click on `Login` entry under `Passwords`
> 4. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
> 5. Right-click the entry you want to delete.
> 6. Select `Delete` and confirm the deletion.

Reviewer 3: Asciidoc syntax for ordered lists. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/#lists

```suggestion
. Open the `Activities` overview and start typing `Passwords`.
. Click on `Passwords and Keys` to open https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring[GNOME Keyring].
. Click on `Login` entry under `Passwords`
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Right-click the entry you want to delete.
. Select `Delete` and confirm the deletion.
```

If you're using https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet]:

[NOTE]
====
By default, https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet] doesn't operate as a Secret Service Provider. We need to explicitly
enable it by going to `System Settings` > `KDE Wallet` and enable Use KWallet for the Secret Service interface. Then you should
be able to use {prod} with https://github.com/KDE/kwallet[KDE Wallet]
====

> 1. Open the `Application Launcher`  and start typing `KWalletManager`.
> 2. Under `Contents` tab, click on `Secret Service` and expand it.
> 3. Under expanded `Secret Service` entry, click on `Passwords` and expand it.
> 4. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
> 5. Right-click the entry you want to delete.
> 6. Select `Delete` and confirm the deletion.

Reviewer 3: Asciidoc syntax for ordered lists. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/#lists

```suggestion
. Open the `Application Launcher` and start typing `KWalletManager`.
. Under `Contents` tab, click on `Secret Service` and expand it.
. Under expanded `Secret Service` entry, click on `Passwords` and expand it.
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Right-click the entry you want to delete.
. Select `Delete` and confirm the deletion.
```

==== MacOS

> 1. Open `Keychain Access` from the `Applications` > `Utilities` folder.
> 2. Select the keychain where the credential is stored (e.g., `login`, `iCloud`).
> 3. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
> 4. Right-click the entry and select `Delete`.
> 5. Confirm the deletion when prompted.
> 

Reviewer 3: Asciidoc syntax for ordered lists. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/#lists

```suggestion
. Open `Keychain Access` from the `Applications` > `Utilities` folder.
. Select the keychain where the credential is stored (e.g., `login`, `iCloud`).
. Find the {prod} pull secret entry you want to delete.
. Right-click the entry and select `Delete`.
. Confirm the deletion when prompted.

```

$ crc start # Start the cluster
----

[id='about-pullsecrets']
== About Pull Secrets
When using the {openshift} or {ushift} preset, {prod} requires your pull secret:

. To pull the virtual machine bundle.
. To pull {ocp} container images from the Red Hat registry.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

{prod} searches for an existing pull secret in these locations, by order of precedence:

. `--pull-secret-file` CLI argument value.
. `pull-secret-file` configuration option.
. Your Operating System Credential Manager.

```

When you run [command]`{bin} start` the first time, when the pull secret has not been provisioned, {prod} prompts you to provide your pull secret.

> You need to download it from the Pull Secret section of the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[{prod} page on the {rh} Hybrid Cloud Console].
> 
> Once you provide this pull secret, it gets stored in Operating System's credential manager so that {prod} doesn't ask for pull secret again in case you delete existing cluster and create
> a new one.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: usual Prerequisites / Procedure anchors.  Deliver information in logical order. Explain the alternatives in TIP admonitions. Hopefully I am not introducing too many tech mistakes here:

```suggestion
=== Providing your pull secret to {prod}

.Prerequisites
. Download your pull secret from the Pull Secret section of the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[{prod} page on the {rh} Hybrid Cloud Console] to _<your_pull_secret_file>_ location.

.Procedure
* Enter your pull secret value when {prod} prompts you to provide your pull secret.
  {prod} stores the pull secret in the Operating System's credential manager so that {prod} doesn't ask for pull secret again in case you delete existing cluster and create a new one.
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {bin} start
...
? Please enter the pull secret 
----
+
[TIP]
====
Alternatively, specify your pull secret file location by using the `--pull-secret-file` CLI argument.

[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {bin} start --pull-secret-file=_<your_pull_secret_file>_
----
====
+
[TIP]
====
Alternatively, specify your pull secret file location by setting the `pull-secret-file` configuration.

[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {bin} config set pull-secret-file _<your_pull_secret_file>_
$ {bin} start 
----
====

```

Reviewer 3: Just tested and updated: the prompt requires the json content, not the file location.

Author: Thanks a lot for the suggestion! Sorry for the informal style of writing. I learned something new :-)
